well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we are going to talk
about credibility and hearsay
why because Republican senators have
decided to call the whistle blower
report hearsay in an attempt to
undermine the credibility of the whistle
blower or blowers first I want to start
off by saying I don't think that's going
to go the way you think it is understand
these are people that had access to code
word level secret stuff they are
literally the most trusted men and women
in the country
senators most of you do not have access
to code word level secret stuff that
calling into question their credibility
is probably going to backfire on you
just saying but we're gonna go a little
bit further into it because most will
not most a lot of these senators are
lawyers they know that this is not
hearsay I mean number one it's not in
the court room number two it's a tip
it's a complaint it's something to begin
an investigation
pretty much all Tempe's tips or
complaints are what would be called
hearsay if you wanted to use the terms
they're using but if you believe that is
wrong you have to go talk to every
parent whose child's life was saved by a
student repeating what another student
said before something horrible happened
these types of complaints are good
things senators now beyond that hearsay
itself the idea behind it is that the
statement possesses the intent to prove
whatever the statement is Donald Trump
hates America it would be hearsay if
that was designed to be taken as proof
that Donald Trump hates America a report
or narrative as a whole cannot be
classified as hearsay period there
there's actually a Supreme Court case on
this Williamson versus the United States
1994 you have to go through it line by
line
so senators do that go through it line
by line
and classify what you want to call
hearsay and as you do it make sure you
don't include anything that Giuliani has
already admitted Trump has already
admitted or the White House staff has
already admitted it's pretty much all of
it they're not disputing the facts that
are contained and that they're disputing
the intent they're not saying they
didn't do these things they're saying
that it's not a crime that it's not
wrong well I have some funny news for
them about federal statutes in the
elements of offense intent is not really
there in most of them what you wanted to
do doesn't matter the acts do the
Republican senators are still viewing
this as a political scandal a normal
run-of-the-mill political scandal and
sure that's part of it the corruption
aspect of it yeah that's one thing but
there's a whole other can of worms here
see I did that video on over classifying
documents and a couple of people said I
was overreacting or I didn't know what I
was talking about whatever which is
funny but the next day Panetta that's
former Secretary of Defense Panetta and
former director of Central Intelligence
Panetta if there is somebody in the
country who understands secrets and the
classification system it would be him he
echoed everything I said and added stuff
the most notable being that there's only
one reason somebody would do this and
that's to obstruct justice he's right I
didn't think of that but he's right
see the thing is guys there's not gonna
be in Oliver North moment in the scandal
you're not gonna have an intelligence
officer fall on their sword look at
where the information is coming from
look at the whistleblowers there are
people who trade in secrets daily
because they understand the significance
of what he did they understand how it
undermined the very integrity of the
system used to protect their life over
his dirty laundry you know had he just
deleted or shredded this transcript we
probably never would have heard about it
but he put it in that system and there's
a funny thing about playing with stuff
you don't understand is that it might
come back to get you and in this case I
think it's going to now we all know this
transcript was not supposed to be
classified at the level it was but the
thing is it was classified at that level
which means there are a whole bunch of
procedures that have to go in place to
protect that information if you saw this
your names recorded it is recorded that
you saw it you cannot Stonewall Congress
and say well I don't know there's a
record of it and if there is no record
detailing every single person that saw
this information it's what that's a
crime - classifying something at this
level it's compartmentalized information
that means only a select group of people
get to see it why because if it gets out
gets into foreign hands the
counterintelligence guys need to know
where to start looking so there should
be a record of that and incidentally
there is there's another one that even
the White House can't get to which is
funny yeah so that's the problem with
over classifying stuff there's a lot of
security procedures that are in place
it's a specialty problem if you're doing
it to protect dirty laundry because it's
going to come out now the other aspect
of this we're calling it hearsay it's
kind of implying that it wasn't in the
course of the whistleblowers official
duties again I'm not sure that's a can
of worms you want to open so
compartmentalized information was being
discussed in the White House with people
who weren't cleared to know it that's a
whole other set of crimes
attacking the credibility of the
whistleblowers in this case it's a
really bad idea
it's a really bad idea and if you were
one of the Republican senators who is
still attempting to downplay or
protected the president understand his
actions not the Ukraine stuff but the
cover-up stuff his actions undermine the
integrity of the very system used to
protect national security used to
protect the identities of intelligence
officers their assets their agents used
to used to protect national defense as a
whole our economic health everything
this system is designed to protect the
identity of the mole we have in the
Kremlin it's not designed to protect the
President of the United States asking a
foreign leader to dig up dirt on a
domestic rival the intelligence
community that is so good at keeping
secrets and keeping their mouth shut
those are the people blowing the whistle
because they know how dangerous this is
this isn't going to play out like a lot
of other scandals anyway it's just a
fault
y'all have a good day